### The top ten vulnerabilities open to LLMs

### 1.           Prompt Injection:  Attackers can exploit an LLM's prompt format by executing commands to alter the output given by a specific input.

### 2.           Data Leakage:  An LLM may expose sensitive information contained in the prompt to an attacker by outputting such information, thereby creating privacy violations.

### 3.           Insecure Code Generation:  An attacker can have an insecure code right out of an LLM; basically generating code that can be abused is not a good thing.

### 4.           Lack of Input Validation:  An attacker can provide invalid or unsanitised information to an LLM and the LLM will process this information regardless of its validity.

### 5.           Hard-Coded Secrets:  API Keys/Credentials are typically hard-coded in programming languages, and LLMs are vulnerable to having those hard-coded credentials passed through to an LLM's output.

### 6.           Over-Reliance on Output Alone:  Developers rely on the output generated by an LLM to build systems and apply a degree of trust to the system based on those outputs without validating them for accuracy.

### 7.           Model Poisoning:  An LLM can be compromised by having its training data manipulated to produce false output for an attacker's benefit.

### 8.           Insecure Plugins/Tools:  An attacker can incorporate an insecure external integration with an LLM in order to attack the LLM via that integration.

### 9.           Excessive permissions:  Developers will often configure a system to provide excessive permission to a generated system when leveraging the output of an LLM as part of that system's configuration.

### 10.       Lack of Logging/Monitoring of Attacks:  An LLM has no methods for tracking misuse of generated output or generated systems and thus cannot be expected to provide a means for tracking any attacks that take place from an LLM or a generated system.